Feature/openssh windows (#539)
hpcleuven/VscDocumentation: source/accounts/generating_keys_windows.rst

Add the key to the SSH agent
============================

|Optional| The system will ask you for your passphrase every time you want to 
use the private key, that is, every time you want to access the cluster or 
transfer your files, unless you use an :ref:`SSH agent<SSH agent>`.

.. code-block:: PowerShell
  
    # The ssh-agent service is disabled by default. Configure it to start automatically. 
    # Run the following command as an administrator.
   $ Set-Service -Name ssh-agent -StartupType Automatic

    # Start the ssh-agent service
   $ Start-Service ssh-agent  
    # The following command should return a status of Running
   $ Get-Service ssh-agent

    # Add your private key. Fill in the path to your private key correctly.
   $ ssh-add C:\Users\<user>/.ssh/id_rsa_vsc

.. note::
   Note: You need to run PowerShell as Administrator for the ``Set-Service`` 
   command.

Create or edit SSH config
=========================

|Optional| Next, make sure to configure your OpenSSH client to automatically 
:ref:`link your key with your VSC ID <ssh config link key vsc>`. You can apply 
all the information about SSH on the Linux pages to OpenSSH on Windows, though 

> you will need to replace the paths, as ``~`` does not expand in PowerShell.

Reviewer: Can you add an small `.ssh/config` example formatted for Windows?

```suggestion
|Optional| You can configure your OpenSSH client to automatically 
:ref:`link your key with your VSC ID <ssh config link key vsc>`. You can follow 
all the same instructions about SSH configuration on Linux on your Windows system.
Just keep in mind to replace any paths with the corresponding format in Windows,
as ``~`` does not expand in PowerShell.
```

:fab:`windows` Generating keys on Windows
#########################################

> Recent versions of Windows come with `OpenSSH`_ installed, so you do not 

Author: The minimum Windows version is Windows 10 Build 1809. However, given windows 10 is end-of-life, does it make sense to explicitly put this in our documentation?

need to install other software.

This documentation covers the use of OpenSSH on Windows to generate keys, 
which will be similar to the Linux documentation. 
(If you use WSL on Windows, please refer to the :ref:`Linux documentation 
<generating keys linux>`)

Alternatively, if your installation does not come with OpenSSH, or you want 

> to use a different SSH client, we provide documentation for two SSH legacy 

Author: From what I understood of a summary of the CUE meeting, it would be ok to leave this paragraph as is, given that the information on Putty and MobaXterm remains in the documentation. Is that correct?

> to use a different SSH client, we provide documentation for two SSH legacy 

Reviewer: sorry for the late reply, so in the CUE meeting we agreed on the following:
* **WSL is the recommended method** to connect with SSH to VSC clusters. The fact that is now readily available in Windows makes it much safer as it avoids the pitfall of users downloading malicious versions of other programs.
* **PuTTY and moba are not deprecated or legacy** though. There are still some use cases that are only solved with those. For instance, users using an SSH Agent in multiple SSH sessions, that does not work in WSL but does work with PuTTY.

So please, update putting WSL first, saying that it is the recommended method for all users. Then after that include sections about the alternative methods explaining a bit why they might still needed. @mselwa can help with that

by opening `PowerShell`_ (or command prompt) and typing:

.. code-block:: bash

   $ ssh -V
   OpenSSH_for_Windows_9.5p1, LibreSSL 3.8.2

If it is not installed, `you need to add it in you settings 
<https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/administration/openssh/
openssh_install_firstuse?tabs=gui&pivots=windows-11#install-openssh-server--client>`__ : 
System > Optional features > Add an optional feature > OpenSSH Client

Create a public/private key pair
================================

Open PowerShell (or command prompt). To generate a new public/private pair, 
use the following command (make sure to generate a 4096-bit key):

.. code-block:: bash

   $ ssh-keygen -t rsa -b 4096 -f $HOME\.ssh\id_rsa_vsc
   Generating public/private rsa key pair.
   Enter passphrase (empty for no passphrase):
   Enter same passphrase again:
   Your identification has been saved in C:\Users\<user>\.ssh\id_rsa_vsc
   Your public key has been saved in C:\Users\<user>\.ssh\id_rsa_vsc.pub

This will ask you for a file name to store the private and public key, 
and a passphrase to protect your private key.

.. _ssh agent windows:

> (optional) Add the key to the SSH agent

Reviewer: Remove optional from the title. That makes navigation harder. You can highlight that this is optional with an optional badge `|Optional|` at the beginning of the first paragraph.

=======================================

The system will ask you for your passphrase every time you want to use the 
private key, that is, every time you want to access the cluster or transfer 
your files, unless you use an :ref:`SSH agent<SSH agent>`.

.. code-block:: bash
  
    # By default, the ssh-agent service is disabled. Configure it to start automatically. 
   $ Set-Service -Name ssh-agent -StartupType Automatic
    # Start the ssh-agent service
   $ Start-Service ssh-agent  

    # Add your private key
   $ ssh-add $HOME\.ssh\id_rsa_vsc

> Note: You may need to run PowerShell as Administrator.

Reviewer: Use  note box with `.. note::`
